Added C# Code example as an alt to Token examples (#665)
DNNCommunity/DNNDocs: content/tutorials/client-resources/index.md

    Version="8.0.0" />
```

> ##### C# Code Example using the above Controls to set `<script>` attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### C# Code
```

```charp
@using DotNetNuke.Web.Client.ClientResourceManagement

@{
  // Add a <script> tag in the head as a JS module
  var include = new DnnJsInclude 
  {
    FilePath = "https://unpkg.com/@dnncommunity/dnn-elements/dist/dnn/dnn.esm.js", 
    ForceProvider = "DnnPageHeaderProvider",
    Priority = 501, 
    HtmlAttributesAsString = "type:module,async:async,crossorigin:anonymous",
  };
  var includes = (Context.CurrentHandler as Page).FindControl("ClientResourceIncludes");
  if (includes != null)
  {
    includes.Controls.Add(include);
  }  
}
```

If you view the source of the final Dnn page, you should see the following result in your `<head>`:

```
<script src="https://unpkg.com/@dnncommunity/dnn-elements/dist/dnn/dnn.esm.js" type="module" async="async" crossorigin="anonymous">
```

> Notes on this example: though it is common the just include the `async` attribute without the value assignment (e.g. `async="true"`), Dnn's HtmlAttributesAsString is expecting `name:value` pairs and produces unexpected results in some cases (e.g. with no :value for async, `HtmlAttributesAsString = "type:module,async"` would not end up with `async` in the output).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Though it is common the just include the `async` attribute without the value assignment (e.g. `async="true"`), DNN's `HtmlAttributesAsString` is expecting `name:value` pairs and produces unexpected results in some cases (e.g. with no :value for `async`, `HtmlAttributesAsString = "type:module,async"` would not end up with `async` in the output).

```
